Readme.md, before:

/**TARIS API README**/

CURRENTLY REGISTERED ROUTES:

GET http://localhost:8080/api/venues				Get all venues

POST http://localhost:8080/api/venues				Create a new venue

GET http://localhost:8080/api/venues/:venue_id		Get a venue with a specific id :venue_id

PUT http://localhost:8080/api/venues/:venue_id		Update venue with id :venue_id

GET http://localhost:8080/api/venues/:venue_id/addresses		Get all addresses for venue with id :venue_id

POST http://localhost:8080/api/venues/:venue_id/addresses		Create an address for venue with id :venue_id

GET http://localhost:8080/api/venues/:venue_id/addresses/:address_id		Get a specific address with id :address_id belongong to a specific venue with id :venue_id

GET http://localhost:8080/api/venues/:venue_id/addresses/:address_id/microlocations		Get all microlocations belonging to a specific address with id :address_id that belongs to a specific venue with id :venue_id

POST http://localhost:8080/api/venues/:venue_id/addresses/:address_id/microlocations	Add a new microlocation to the stack of an address with id :address_id and venue with id :venue_id

GET http://localhost:8080/api/venues/:venue_id/addresses/:address_id/microlocations/:microlocation_id	Get a single microlocation with id :microlocation_id belonging to address with id :address_id belonging to venue with id :venue_id

GET http://localhost:8080/api/addresses 			get all addresses in the system

GET http://localhost:8080/api/microlocations		get all microlocations in the system

Commit message:

Code Clean Up
Wrapped up commenting. New readme. Almost time to start new project and
drop in license.

Readme.md, after:

/**TARIS API README**/

Taris is an open source project aimed at helping ad tech initiatives create simple, efficient, and effective BLE marketing solutions. Most documentation can be found in our API docs, located at http://docs.tarisadsapi.apiary.io/. Please check here for any updates, changes, or depreciations. 

Taris is powered by a Node/Express/Mongoose stack, and follows an MVC architecture. Taris is meant to specifically work with MongoDB. All models can be found within the models folder, with BLE registration schemas found within the venue_document folder, and advertiser based schemas found within the campaign_document and mediabuyer_document folders. 

All routes can be found within the routes folder. The file matches_routes.js has been depreciated, but remains within the project as a guide to those looking to create a bid clearence system in their application. A Java example can be found in our documentation. It is not recommended that you include your clearence system within node. Instead off load this for increased computational efficiency.
